Hi.
We didn't lecture Regan to see how we can handle this style changes in a better way using a built in
function.
Of course there is a built in function for that as you can see we can do it in some sort of way and
we will appear or the load but we have to find a more efficient way in order to do that.
And let me show you how it's done.
It's cold trade style trade collection actually did change.
OK so once a user changes some of the trades dysfunction will get cold and we can do the same check
on their dysfunction as well.
So let me copy and paste this.
So now when user change is this it will automatically get cold so we will instantly change the color
the color of this button or color of whatever we re want.
OK so let me run this and test is as you can see now we are in dark mode and we see the button in white.
Now let me go back to settings and make it into the light mode.
If we go back right now as you can see we see the button in blue form.
Now it's working.
So I believe this is exactly what we wanted right.
So let me test as one more time let me make this into dark mode.
And here you go.
We have the white button.
So this is exactly the behavior that we've wanted.
So you can use this trait collection the change but maybe you're thinking that.
Yeah.
Do I have to do that.
Do I have to bother just thinking about all of this.
Then I build an app.
So what if what if I don't want the users to use my app in dark mode or lights mode.
So let's suppose that you build an app and in a specific controller if you take this into a dark mode
it would look so bad.
So you don't want users to switch to the dark mode even if they switch to the dark mode.
You don't want it to affect your controller or you don't want to affect it your all whole app.
OK so is it possible.
Yep.
This is possible.
So you can ignore these changes and you can actually start your app in dark mode or in light mode as
always.
So how it's done.
It's actually very easy.
You can override the choice of the user if you want to do that in a specific way you controller.
It's very easy.
You can do it with one line but if you want to do that in the whole app then you have to go for info
P lists.
So I'm just going to show you both ways.
So let me come over here to we did loads because I'm just going to do that in this view controller and
I'm just going to say override user interface style and the style that I want is dark or light so maybe
I don't want my app or my weave controller to be supporting the dark mode.
So if I override this interface style with lights then regardless of the user's choice I will just show
it in the light mode.
As you can see I mean the dark mode in this phone so my navigation bar actually is in the dark mode
and this second view controller is in the dark mode but this one controller is not.
So let me come over here to settings.
OK.
And I just want to make this into light mode.
And if I go back here.
Here you go.
Now I'm in the lights mode in the other we have controller as well.
But let me try this one more time if I can.
Let me come over here to dark periods.
And here you go.
Now I'm not in the dark mode again because I have overridden the user's choice over here so I'm light
mode in the first week controller and dark mode in the second view controller.
But then again the other question may arise.
So you may think that you I don't want to support dark mode in the whole app.
So what do I do.
Then let me comment then.
Then we would be certain this is working properly.
Let me go into the NFLPA list and I'm just going to add a new line.
No way to do that.
You just have to go into any line and hit the small button over here.
We have done that before right.
Travel Book section for example v asked her mission to from the user to get their location.
So let me add this.
Let me add the new line and scroll down a little bit so that we can find user interface style.
So we're here after you choose user interface style you can come over here so you'll you go either for
light like that with uppercase owl or dark like death with the uppercase the.
OK.
So it has it has to be the exactly the same.
Dark or Light meets upper case.
And if I run this right now as you can see I mean the dark mode.
So let's see if we were in the dark about the up.
We were already in the dark mode.
So let me put this into light mode.
If I come over here.
Here you go.
Now I'm in the dark mode even though this phone is in the light mode.
So in order to be certain I am running it from scratch and it's still in the dark mode even though my
phone is in the light mode.
So here you go now you know how to handle these situations.
So again you may think that the I don't want to bother all of this.
OK.
So my adverts perfectly fine with dark mold or light mode.
Do I have to override anything.
No you don't.
But if you want to customize your app depending on the style choice you're more than welcome to do so
with this functions.
If you don't want to support dark mode or light mode in your apps then you're more than welcome to do
so.
But Apple suggests to go for both ways.
So supporting dark mode and supporting light modes so beared out in mind and try to understand how to
handle these situations.
So let's stop here and continue within the next lecture.